[mkdocs] docs: add atomic swaps tutorial (#1938)
symbol/symbol: mkdocs/pages/en/devbook/transactions/atomic-swap.md

be confirmed.
If any cosignature is missing or the deadline expires, the entire aggregate is rejected and no assets change hands.

```dot
digraph {
    rankdir="LR";
    fontsize=12;
    subgraph clusterAggregate {
        label = "Aggregate Transaction";
        tooltip = "Aggregate Transaction";
        subgraph clusterT1 {
            label = "Embedded Transfer 1";
            tooltip = "Embedded Transfer 1";
            style = dashed;
            A1 [label="Account A" tooltip="Account A"];
            B1 [label="Account B" tooltip="Account B"];
            A1 -> B1 [label="10 XYM"];
        }
        subgraph clusterT2 {
            label = "Embedded Transfer 2";
            tooltip = "Embedded Transfer 2";
            style = dashed;
            A2 [label="Account A" tooltip="Account A"];
            B2 [label="Account B" tooltip="Account B"];
            A2 -> B2 [label="1 Custom Mosaic" dir=back];
        }
    }
}
```

For details on how aggregate transactions work, see the
[Aggregate Transactions](../../textbook/transactions.md#aggregate-transactions) section in the Textbook.

## Approaches

> Atomic swaps can be implemented with two types of aggregate transactions, each suited to different coordination scenarios:

Reviewer: Add a call to action to end the page. Something like "Please continue to the appropriate tutorial depending on your use case."

Author: Good idea. I refactored a bit the section to make it even more actionable.

| Approach                                      | When to use                                         | Trade-off                                 |
|-----------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------|
| [Complete aggregate](./complete-aggregate.md) | All parties can sign before announcement off-chain. | Requires handling off-chain coordination. |

> | [Bonded aggregate](./bonded-aggregate.md)     | Parties cannot sign at the same time on-chain.      | Requires a 10 XYM lock deposit.           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Complete aggregate](./complete-aggregate.md) | All parties can sign off-chain before announcing.   | Requires handling off-chain coordination. |
| [Bonded aggregate](./bonded-aggregate.md)     | Parties want all coordination to happen on-chain.   | Requires a 10 XYM lock deposit.           |
```

## Limitations

Atomic swaps using aggregate transactions only work within the Symbol network.

> To exchange assets between Symbol and another blockchain, see the [Cross-Chain Swap](./cross-chain-swap.md) tutorial.

Author: Broken link. It will work once we merge https://github.com/symbol/symbol/pull/1925

Reviewer: This paragraph must be right at the intro, so users don't have to read the whole page to see that this is not what they wanted.

Also, I wouldn't call it a limitation. This page describes in-chain swaps, and the other page describes cross-chain swaps :)
